what's up guys n black ops amis and
welcome to one of the GTA 5 video so
today's video is about the online in GTA
if you do enjoy this video by the end
make sure you smart lab one in the face
hit the subscribe button on screen off
more videos from me and Andrew so if you
don't know already GTA 5 online is just
a few days away it comes out octo be the
first that's when it releases for
everyone on the PlayStation 3 and the
xbox 360 which is awesome now Rockstar
have posted this official update not
sure where the rumor came from but GT
online will support 16 players which is
great there are a load of speculations
that it will support up to 32 players or
a maximum of 64 players which should be
absolutely amazing but no the maximum
limit for GTA is 16 players and that's
something I can expect from the GTA 5
only beam on the current generation
consoles at the moment maybe if it was
coming to PC or the xbox one of the
PlayStation 4 that maximum player limit
could be brought up to 64 but moving on
according to cinema blend rockstar will
be bringing back fan game modes from GTA
4 to GTA 5 online like cops and crooks
free for all races of course and team
deathmatch modes and many many more so
awesome modes returning from GTA 4
coming over to GTA 5 which is amazing
you can also expect some brand new game
modes coming into GTA 5 as well but we
don't know about them just yet we know
that Rockstar are very secretive on what
they do with their game so moving on GTA
5 is built to have 16 players like I
said earlier and that's awesome because
all 16 players at once can indulge in
various different game modes and
activities including some of the five
hundred missions that Rockstar have
already created for GTA online so that's
absolutely amazing as soon as GTA online
releases we've got five hundred missions
there waiting for us of course they were
might they may even add more as updates
come you know so every couple of months
they might add an update to the game
which adds another 50 missions or
something like that so GT online is
never gonna stop being updated at least
until you know the next GTA is out there
just going to keep working on it and
working on it is basically just the
whole of Blaine County last santosh you
know just san andreas omits itself the
map is going to be what you get in
campaign imagine exploring all of that
going around with your thread if
hands down mountains over cars you know
exploring brand new things GT online is
going to be absolutely amazing also
speaking of those five hundred missions
some information has been leaked if you
want to leave this video now that's just
a warning for you guys but apparently
you will have to assassinate other
players and different missions which
will be awesome you know you could
randomly just get an objective to go and
assassinate some other player across the
other side of the map which would be
awesome well it's up to the cops to try
and stop you from assassinating that
person additionally it seems that the
cops and crooks game mode will be
featuring some interesting improvements
such as cops being able to use scanners
to check license plates to see if the
vehicle is stolen then that can also
turn into other things and can alert the
police to any suspects and assign squad
cars to come and arrest you so that'd be
super awesome as well so that's
basically all the updates I want to show
a few guys on GTA online just a few days
away now I will be having gameplay up on
my channel so if you did enjoy this
video I thought it was awesome
information please make sure you smart
lad one in the face that was always
appreciated hit the subscribe button on
screen now for more videos from me thank
you for watching and until next time
peace out
Oh
full sign